docs(tdd): add Flaky Test Management section (#416)
addyosmani/agent-skills: skills/test-driven-development/SKILL.md

- Test names that don't describe the expected behavior
- Skipping tests to make the suite pass
- Running the same test command twice in a row without any intervening code change
- CI configured to auto-retry on failure as standard workflow (masking flakiness rather than fixing it)

> - Tests annotated `skip` or `xit` with no owner, no ticket, and no deadline

Reviewer: One line to tighten before I approve. This file is consumed by models, and they pattern-match literally: in a pytest or JUnit project, an agent told to look for xit will grep for xit, miss @pytest.mark.skip or @ Disabled, and report a clean bill. Naming the behavior instead of the JS token keeps the red flag working in every ecosystem, in line with the #419 neutrality pass:

```suggestion
- Disabled tests (`skip`, `xit`, or the framework's equivalent) with no owner, no ticket, and no deadline
```
With this in, I'm approving; everything else checked out, including the additive claim across the whole catalog and the 445-line count.
